Mta 4144 regions (#2680)
scaleway/docs-content: serverless/messaging/how-to/create-manage-topics.mdx

<Message type="requirement">
  - You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com)
  - You have [activated SNS](/serverless/messaging/how-to/get-started/#how-to-activate-sqs-or-sns) for the [region](/serverless/messaging/concepts/#region) in which you want to create a topic
</Message>

## How to create a topic

1. Click **Messaging** in the **Serverless** section of the Scaleway console side menu. The list of Messaging and Queuing protocols displays.

> 2. Use the dropdown menu to select the [region](/serverless/messaging/concepts/#region) in which you want to create a topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Use the drop-down menu to select the [region](/serverless/messaging/concepts/#region) in which you want to create a topic.
```

1. Click **Messaging** in the **Serverless** section of the Scaleway console side menu. The list of Messaging and Queuing protocols displays.

> 2. Use the dropdown menu to select the [region](/serverless/messaging/concepts/#region) containing the topic you want to configure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Use the drop-down menu to select the [region](/serverless/messaging/concepts/#region) containing the topic you want to configure.
```

1. Click **Messaging** in the **Serverless** section of the Scaleway console side menu. The list of Messaging and Queuing protocols displays.

> 2. Use the dropdown menu to select the [region](/serverless/messaging/concepts/#region) containing the topic you want to delete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Use the drop-down menu to select the [region](/serverless/messaging/concepts/#region) containing the topic you want to delete.
```
